MTA 7.3.2 Release Notes - Modified deprecation notice (#189)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/mta-rn-technical-changes-7-3-2.adoc

The following technical changes have been made in {ProductFullName} 7.3.2:

> * In the {ProductFullName} 7.3.2 version, the Eclipse IDE plugin for {ProductShortName} is deprecated. The Eclipse IDE plugin is planned to be removed in future releases. Red{nbsp}Hat will provide bug fixes and support for this feature during the current release lifecycle, but this feature will no longer receive enhancements and will be removed.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion (on the wording about the removal), let's wait for what Ramon says about it :-)  Also, per our rules it's better to use "might" instead of "will", but here, I'd vote for "will" as it is already a confirmed change.

Note also that "plug-in" should be hyphenated as per IBM SG. Also, the release note is missing the title, although should have one for sure, it's the rule. 

Another thing is that the section should be renamed to Deprecated features, not Technical changes. The section only contains one deprecated functionality, and it will be confusing for our customers. I highly recommend changing the section's title!

Q: Do we have any suggested replacement or just any alternative for that?  If yes, it should be mentioned as well as it is a useful info for our customers.

```suggestion
.The  Eclipse IDE plug-in is deprecated

The Eclipse IDE plug-in for {ProductFullName} is deprecated and will be removed in a future major release. Red{nbsp}Hat will provide bug fixes and support for this feature during the current release lifecycle, but this feature will no longer receive enhancements.
```
